A daily list consults the weekly list and the monthly list (well cos this help the logging info for task)
 and other valid daily lists
A valid daily list is referenced by other valid lists. There should be at most two valid lists at a time

Each section is encolsed in parenthesis [], for balance. To show the subtasks, the subtasks are written right on top of them, enclosed in parenthesis and they are also assigned relevant scores written on top of them. The total number of points for all tasks on the list is written at the bottom of the 

The points for each section is calculated based on the task load and it is indicated righ below each section with a red pen. Tasks are assigned with the constraint of the total number of points assigned to each section on the monthly list and the total points for uncompleted tasks in a deferring list in this section. The aim is to ensure that the total points in 2 lists do not exceed the ceiling point determined on the Monthly W-list.

This list uses different symbols which mean different things

Checkmarks: To show completion
- W -> A completed task (literally called a W-list)
- A checkmark / half a W-> A half completed task (two checkmarks make a W)
- X -> A missed task
A key issue faced on the manual operation of this list is the inefficient representation of the progress on  a task especially with a really great multiplier or a task with uneven number of points.
Attempts have been make to dynamically 'render' the checkmark in realtime: like to start with a point, make a line, make it a checkmark, then draw another line downwards at a 60 degree, then draw another line up which completes the W.

Arrows: To show delegation
- -> -> This signifies a delegating a task to appear on the next W-list, and completed(while the score ceiling constraints still apply), usually in cases of emergency or overindulgence.

Underlining: To show deference
- ------ -> A line drawn under a task not completed before the next list is made (ideal should be 24hrs), it is considered as deferred task, more informally, a task on-the-line.
- -/-/-/-/- -> A crossed out line for on on-the-line task, it shows completion. Normal pencil lead for completion on the same day the list was closed, blue ink for completion on another day
- -/-/- -> Partial underlining and crossing out for incomplete tasks used to differentiate tasks not done at all.
A friction point I encountered with the manual operation of this list was accurately recording the date of completion for deferred tasks; logs for this are usually done once, and because a task is deferred it missed that oppourtunity and can either be done on that same day (after the audit), the next day, or even after that if an audit is not made. However, this should be solved by going e.

This list uses different colours to show emphasis
- Black -> Tasks and Sub-tasks, delegation(should change)
- Red -> Total points of a section, and points of each task 
- Green -> To show multipliers
- Pencil Grey -> To show deference
- Deeper Pencil Grey Shaded -> To show completed deference on the day the list was closed
- Blue -> To show completed deference after the day the list was closed

How Long Is a list Valid?
A list should have a valid lifespan of 24hrs before it undergoes an audit. However, note that tasks have a valid lifespan of 48hrs. Uncompleted tasks after a list is audited make them tasks on-the-line indicating they have 24hrs of validity left.
The best results come when the audit is done at a specific time of day, usually adapted to match external natural rhythms e.g., 

How Use this System(2 full cyclces)
- For the first W list, consult the Weekly list for priority tasks and the Monthly list for the history of log completion. Assign tasks to section while considering the ceiling point specified by the Monthly & Weekly List.  Append subtasks on top of task in [], ensure the tasks and subtasks have their points right on top of them. Apply multipliers where necessary.

- After 24hrs, record all tasks with a W on the monthly log. All tasks with zero or incomplete completion are then underlined (full & partial). This list is now audited.

- To make a new list, the weekly list is consulted for grounding. The monthly log too is consulted; the aim is to prioritize low frequency tasks. The audited list is consulted considering two attributes of the uncompleted tasks
1 - The tasks themselves: A task with zero completion is forbidden from being on the new list except it is absolutely necessary. Incomplete tasks can be considered but the weight of their points is considered
2. The section they belong to: Note that the ceiling point generally applies to the sum of each section in two lists; so, this trailing point is noted and used to limit the tasks assignable to that section

- We now have 2 lists we are working were are working with consecutive. Note that there is an urgency stimulated to the audited list as they are only valid for 24hrs / the next audit where they will be marked a miss if not completed; the new list is stiill valid for 48hrs / 2 audits. To show the completion of a task on the audited list, the now underlined on-the-line task has its line crossed out a pencil with

- At the next audit, the audited list is prioritized, it has been marked in a way to reduce cognitive strain massively and point us directly to the defaulting tasks or now-completed tasks with the line drawn or crossed out. The now-completed tasks are recorded while the others are marked with a miss. The audited list is now closed.

-The current list is now audited

- A new list is then made


What is a weekly audit?
- All lists in a week are used for a weekly assessment primarily to compare to last weeks established metrics. Perecentage completion (total, section), Total points etc. are noted