Pomodoro System: I mentioned this being used as a tie breaker or an alternative grading system to be used to designate completion points to tasks. I implemented a system where 1 full custom pomodoro of a task was worth 1 point in the W list. Meaning for academic tasks 23 minutes = 1 W point.

Pink Slip: - This splits every course by lecturer down to artificial blocks I divide each section into. I then track every subection by date read, so I can identify areas not yet read and then focus on them. The app will have the capabilitiy of dividing tasks into children that make a whole, and then track these individual parts, showing their last date maybe on a dedicated page

Reinforced Spaced Repitition: This is the pink slip system in action, I adopt the spaced scientifically proven system of intermittent revision theory which is said to improve retention. We should be able to toggle the RSR mode on for some tasks an so make them auto-delegated into the W List.

External Forced Schedules / Calendar: What I realized as the future of the W-List is to it so aligned with your external schedule (the schedule at the end of the existing monthly list is a fantastic prototype) that these tasks are automatically integrated into your schedule on their designated days while still enforcing your point ceiling constraints reducing further unnecessary assignments.

Day Audit Report: We should be able to see tasks completed in an organized form ready for export and accountability. Can we experiment with cyclces, one for the audit, and one for the closing

Cloud and Interdevice Sync: I think it would be really cool to have me sync my current progress my phone and my laptop through a free platform like One Drive to ensure everything goes smoothly. 